So in the last lectures we learned how to send requests and how to add our own headers.
This is great.
Now let's dive into another type of request.
Let's see how we can actually work with the data we get back from DHV service.
So in my server service where I currently only have my storage service Meffert I now want to add the
get service method which doesn't take any arguments but which should send a request or prepare a request
I should say wrap that in an observable which allows us to reach out to our back end and get back the
data.
Well four days I should simply return and observable again or return what gets created here again which
will be an observable and of course again you can subscribe in the service too but oftentimes you want
to subscribe in the place where you call this method.
This is why I'm returning it here.
And then we have to get method for this.
Now here of course we have to use the same your L including the data Chaisson at the end as with the
post request because otherwise we will target a different point on our firebase service and there we
won't find our data.
And this is all unlike in a post request.
You don't need to pass any data here because we're not sending a request body.
We're just getting some data we're not sending data with it.
We could have some you are parents of course you might have a different set up where you all have Slash
one in you or you or else that is totally fine you can style or change as you are and whatever you need
to change.
You could pass a an object where you configure this request but does not need to change you.
So actually this is the whole GET request configured.
Now in my app component template I'll duplicate is safe service button call it get service year and
call on get and then the component typescript file.
I'll add d on get method.
And then there I will simply reach out to my server service call get servers and subscribe again and
ask for.
I want you to just copy it.
I want you to listen to you Bill for a response or a potential error and simply output it for now.
Well if there's someplace Let's go back to our application and let's hit get service and here this looks
good we get back a response with a body which is a string and this should make sense because data gets
stored or it gets sent as Jason.
This was a case where our post request to their angular would store it as Jason automatically but it
doesn't unwrap it automatically.
So this is a Jason format but it looks like it's our data.
Now if you have good eyes you might see that actually we do have four service instead of two.
The reason for this is that since we sent a post request we appended our service.
You can see this in the firebase console in a data node.
We have two separate nodes two unique IDs and each node holds an array of our servers.
Now this is simply how firebase behaves with a post request.
You could send a put request if you want to overwrite old data instead of kind of adding it and we'll
have a look at this later.
For now let's ignore this and let's instead have a look at how we can unwrap our data here.
So turn it into a real javascript object and work with that.
And we can easily unwrap it by going to our response here.
And instead of simply logging it or execute a more complex code snippet here or not super complex but
more than one line and first of all I want to well get my data extracted.
So on the response here I want to somehow get the data stored in the state property or in the body property
here you saw for a brief second and then turn it from Jason to a javascript object.
Turns out that the response we get back here is of type response.
So this response object is imported from angular HTP and it offers us one helpful helper method that
Jason method which will have a look at our body property and get the data from in there and automatically
turn it into a javascript object.
You can see those if y simply present the data now to the console.
Let's have a look at it.
If I call get service you now see this is a javascript object where we can find our unique IDs and each
of these nodes of these properties holds an array of objects which represent our service.
We added in the past.
So working with this response object and Jason mephitic it provides us is a neat way of quickly getting
to the data you get back and of course this does not only work for get requests but also for post requests
where you might return a more complex object where you actually might return some data or maybe maybe
some object with some creation information whatever.
So Jason a nice method you can use to extract the data.
Now let's make sure that we actually overwrite existing data instead of appending to it.
And then let's have a look at some observable magic to get this whole get the data back and transformed
proses a bit cleaner.
So let's have a look at this and the next lectures